The city of Mollingta was a rather prosperous place, about the size of a small-to-medium city in modern terms.

The east side, with its magic-related facilities, and the west side, with its temples, were especially bustling with people.

“It looks bigger than the last time I was here. Did they expand it again?”

I opened the door and went inside to meet Vizelin, the Master of Life Magic and the owner of the massive building before me.

“Welcome~”

“Good day.”

If Vizelin, who remained in the form of a young girl, were to grow into a mature woman, wouldn't she look just like this?

Shiorin, Vizelin's assistant, who bore such a striking resemblance that it prompted the thought, greeted me brightly, her already ample breasts seeming even more voluptuous.

I smiled back and returned the greeting politely.

“What brings you here?”

“It's just that I have to leave the city unexpectedly. Could you please tell Vizelin that I might not be back for a few days?”

“Oh my, you're leaving the city? If you don't mind my asking, may I know why?”

“Uh... I'm a little bewildered myself, but someone reported the discovery of a new dungeon, and I was ordered to go and investigate whether it's true or not.”

“Hmm~ I see. I'll pass that on to my master, then.”

“Thank you. By the way, is Vizelin out?”

“No. She's upstairs talking with someone from the temple. She should be down soon, so you're welcome to wait and have a cup of tea with me. Hohoho~”

“Thank you for the offer, but it seems there are people waiting for me, so I should probably get going.”

“I was just kidding. Well then, travel safely~ No matter what happens, just think about your own safety, Smith. Got it?”

“Hehe, of course.”

No matter what anyone says, my life comes first.

With that, I left Vizelin's building with much lighter steps and ran toward the East Gate.

“Damn it! But how the hell am I supposed to know who's who?”

Once I actually arrived at the East Gate, I realized that finding the adventurers I was supposed to join amidst the swarming ant-like crowd was no easy task.

If I at least knew some personal details about the leader-type adventurer, I could try running around a bit more, but unfortunately, I hadn't heard anything about them.

“That motherfucker. Isn't he just fucking with me?”

It was a plausible enough scenario that it made me even angrier.

“Ahem, Smith from the Adventurer's Guild?”

“Ah, yes.”

At the clanking sound of metal, I reflexively tensed my shoulders and snapped my head around to see an indifferent beauty standing there, clad in silver light armor made of steel.

“Ah, I'm sorry. Was I in your way? I'll move somewhere else right away.”

“No. That's not it, so just calm down, Smith.”

The indifferent beauty's appearance, dressed in the silver light armor worn by the Mollingta City Guard Force, had made me tense up, wondering if I was about to be arrested, but she awkwardly calmed me down.

“Ahem. Are there any adventurers you're supposed to be with today?”

“Uh... Do you perhaps know the adventurers who are looking for me? An investigation team was formed to determine the existence of a newly discovered dungeon, and I'm supposed to join them.”

“Ah, it seems you're the one. See that carriage over there? The people in that carriage are waiting for the person dispatched from the guild.”

“Wow!! Thank you!!”

“Ah, n-no, it's nothing...”

I was so fucking grateful that I grabbed the gauntlet-wearing beauty's hand and gave it a little shake.

Damn it, if I'd thought it was a lie and left, I would've been truly screwed.

“Ahem... But, Smith.”

“Ah, yes.”

Seeing her call my name with a slight blush on her face, I let go of her hand and resumed a polite posture.

After showing a fleeting look of disappointment, the beauty continued with what she was about to say.

“I just want to ask again in case I misheard. Are you really the one going outside to investigate the dungeon?”

“Yes. That's me. I'm quite bewildered myself, but they told me to go, saying I'm a proper receptionist too.”

“Right. I see. Understood. Well, I have my duties, so I'll pray for your safe return.”

“Hehe, thank you.”

I gave a small bow, and the beauty nodded with a satisfied look before returning to her post.

-No, Captain!! You set such a good mood and then just came back without even asking for a drink later, what are we supposed to do?!

-Sigh, didn't I tell you I'd go? What do you expect from a woman who's still a virgin at thirty?

-Q-Quiet, you bitches!!

They seemed to be trying to speak quietly, but maybe because their voices were naturally loud, I heard everything.

Thanks to that, I learned that the indifferent beauty whose hand I had just grabbed and shaken was the Guard Captain of this city.

Next time I see her, I'll have to be fucking extra polite and suck up to her.

With that in mind, I approached the spot the Guard Captain had pointed out, and a female adventurer, who at a glance was wearing full-body light armor comparable to the Guard Force's, spoke to me as if she had been waiting.

“Are you Smith, the guild employee who's supposed to go on the dungeon investigation?”

“Yes. It just sort of happened. Am I very late?”

“Not at all. We were so busy talking amongst ourselves that we lost track of time.”

What's this? Is she being sarcastic?

“By the way, you don't have any luggage?”

“Yes. They told me to just go without packing anything. To be honest, I'm still a little bewildered. They came to me at dawn and suddenly pushed me into this.”

“Haha. I understand. Well, according to the informant, the dungeon is about a day's journey from here, so we'll take care of food supplies and sleeping arrangements. For now, please get in the carriage.”

I got into the carriage quietly without a word.

Shortly after, the other adventurers climbed into the carriage with their luggage, and finally, the leader-type adventurer who had been cheerfully talking with me gave the departure order to the coachman and got in.

The carriage, which seemed to have been pre-cleared, passed through the Guard Force without any particular inspection and started running to the outside.

Gurgle.

Dammit.

Not long after the carriage started moving, my stomach began to riot.

It made sense; this was the time I'd usually be stuffing myself with the crispy roasted meat of some unknown beast prepared by Amela, so with nothing in my belly, my stomach seemed to be seriously pissed off.

“Ahem, I'm not sure if it'll suit your taste, but would you like to have some of this for now?”

“I'll take it, thank you.”

I'm Smith, from the frontier desert. I left all my pride back in the desert.

“It's good to see you eat well. And since we'll be spending at least three days together, I think it'd be good to have a simple introduction. My name is Dahlia. And this is...”

Regardless of my wishes, Dahlia, the leader here and the one who had just handed me the jerky, began to briefly introduce the other adventurers' names and experiences one by one.

I half-listened, letting it go in one ear and out the other, and just focused on chewing the jerky, which was moderately seasoned with salt and pepper.

It wasn't like I'd ever have face-to-face conversations with anyone who wasn't a silver-rank adventurer anyway, and it's not like getting dispatched like this would be a common occurrence.

Among the eight adventurers in the carriage, it seemed the only person I needed to remember was the leader, Dahlia.

Surprisingly, she said that with just a little more experience, she could take the silver-rank examination, so I figured it wouldn't hurt to remember her.

Plus, hearing that she might reach the same rank as the terrifying Shiron, she somehow started to look prettier, with fairer skin and slightly bigger breasts.

For the record, that wasn't a sexual comment; it was a roundabout way of saying she seemed reliable enough to protect my body.

After all, in this world, it seemed the more beautiful a woman was, the stronger she was.

“We have to walk from here. Everyone, get out!!”

While I was appeasing my hunger with jerky, the carriage that had been running joyfully stopped near a forest, and Dahlia gave orders to the other adventurers as she quickly grabbed her luggage and got out.

I was only able to get out of the carriage after everyone else had left.

“Thanks for your work. Oh, and take this letter to James.”

“Sure thing. Well, good luck to you all.”

The slightly shabby-looking female coachman drove the carriage away and disappeared toward Mollingta.

“According to the information from the informant, monsters or beasts will start appearing from this point on, so please don't be too surprised, Smith, and just stay calm.”

“Yes.”

Honestly, I was so hungry I didn't even have the energy to open my mouth.

I kept my mouth fucking shut and walked into the forest with them, standing in the center of the women, under their protection.

Rustle, rustle.

I hadn't done a perimeter watch since training camp, but I could tell that the women surrounding me were doing a far better job of surveying the area than I and my peers did back then.

It couldn't be helped, since here, a single mistake or moment of carelessness could easily cost you your life.

More than that, the deeper we went into the forest, I could feel my bladder tightening in real time, and that was no joke.

Maybe because I had been living only in the safe city for a while, my skin tingled from the tension brought on by the sudden change in environment and the pressure emanating from my surroundings.

Gurgle—!!

“......”

“......Pfft.”

Damn it. What a clueless bastard.

“It's a little early, but we'll have a simple meal before moving on.”

What a considerate bitch.

***

Crackle, crackle!

After our first meal, courtesy of my perfectly-timed biological clock, we went quite a ways deeper into the forest.

Fortunately, there were no attacks from monsters or beasts during that time, so we were able to travel a greater distance than expected and set up camp.

Well, "setting up camp" just meant lighting a decent campfire and either making a makeshift tent with branches or wrapping ourselves in blankets or cloth.

“If we had run into a beast, I would have caught and roasted it for you. I'm sorry about this.”

“Not at all. I didn't prepare anything, so how can I complain when I'm being fed like this?”

“Haha, compared to the men from Mollingta, you're a gentleman among gentlemen, Smith. So...... would you like a drink of this?”

Dahlia handed me a small metal bottle along with some jerky that had been lightly roasted over the fire.

“What's this?”

“It's nothing special, just some cheap wine.”

Oh, shit. Wine.

I was just getting sick of always drinking that bland beer, but I never imagined I'd get to taste wine out here.

“Then I'll accept without hesitation.”

“I have another bottle, so it's fine if you drink it all.”

Finding even the time to answer a waste, I quickly put a piece of jerky in my mouth and opened the bottle's stopper.

A sweet yet sharp aroma entered my nose, and my mouth watered instinctively as I quickly brought the bottle's mouth to my lips and chugged it down.

“Phew~!”

Unlike the incredibly bland beer, its sweet yet bittersweet taste had me emptying the bottle as if it were water.

“I'm glad it suits your taste.”

“It's so delicious that it feels wrong to even compare it to the beer sold at the guild.”

“Haha, of course. It has an expensive medicine in it that makes it incomparable to that cheap stuff.”

In that moment, my eyeballs started to spin.

“Wh-what... huh?”

“Tsk, fuck. I didn't think he'd drink it all, though... I wonder if this is going to get fucked.”

I could tell something was terribly wrong, but honestly, I wasn't too worried. As long as I kept my life and my limbs, that was all that mattered.

But as my consciousness faded, a sound that jolted me to my senses reached my ears.

“Hehe, I hear the noblewomen of the Phylloren Kingdom enjoy watching men play together like that. I wonder how much he'll sell for.”

My mind went blank.