A tingling sensation ran from my head to my toes, and my whole body felt languid.

It was like the feeling of passing out after sitting in a hot bath for too long as a kid. In any case, it wasn’t an unpleasant feeling.

Just as I was about to let my mind drift away again, savoring the sensation of sleep gently creeping in for the first time in a while…

“Hey, are you sure this isn’t a mistake?”

“Have I been getting this drug for just a day or two? Even if you drink it all, the worst that happens is you’re out for the whole day.”

“Still, isn’t he sleeping for too long?”

“It’s a drug that can knock out even a highly trained woman for half a day. Isn’t it weirder for a man who drank a whole bottle of it to be waking up now?”

“Well, that’s true.”

Damn it. Now that I thought about it, this wasn't the time to be sleeping.

I wasn't sure, but at this rate, meeting a new master would be the least of my worries. I was in a critical situation where my buttocks could be in danger.

Wiggle.

I gently tried to move my hands, which still lacked proper strength. Unfortunately, my hands seemed to be tied up tightly with something like a rope.

Another thing I could tell was that I wasn’t being moved anywhere.

My body felt as heavy as water-logged cotton, but my senses weren't completely dead, so I could easily make that judgment.

The conclusion was that, one way or another, escaping by myself was impossible.

And that my perceptive stomach, with its sixth sense, was starting to cry out in hunger.

So, I opened my eyes with confidence.

“Hey, hey. See? I was right. I told you there was no problem.”

“Thank god. No, fuck, I just said that because I’ve never seen a man drink all of it in one go. They usually just take a sip.”

The first thing that caught my eye was Dahlia, the main culprit who’d put me in this mess.

Next to Dahlia was an adventurer with slightly smaller breasts and piercing eyes.

I was also inside what looked like a hastily put-up tent.

“He definitely seems to be a desert-dweller. Seeing how calm he is even in this situation.”

To be precise, it wasn't that I was calm, but that the paralysis on my face hadn't fully worn off yet.

The woman with the piercing eyes approached me, tied to a tent pole, and crouched down, staring at me so intensely it felt like she was going to burn a hole through my face.

“He’s definitely on a different level from those flimsy male bastards from the kingdom.”

“I’m telling you, it’s more than that. Most guys from the frontier can’t even communicate well, but this bastard has learned to read and is sharp as a tack.”

“Whether he’s smart or not doesn’t really help raise the price, you bitch. All we need to do is preserve this, this firm body and this face without any damage and transport him safely.”

The Piercing-Eyed Woman poked my chest, giggled to herself, and stood up again. At the same time, as if on cue, my stomach started to voice its irritation.

“Oh my, you can’t be hungry. You have to maintain that body until we get to the auction house.”

Fortunately, it seemed like they would feed me on time.

“Hey!! Bring some drinks and meat!!”

The Piercing-Eyed Woman shouted outside the tent, and soon after, two women dressed unmistakably as bandits came in carrying a plate full of meat, a small oak barrel, and a wooden glass.

“Tell the kids not to let their guard down. If we just get this guy to the auction house, we can easily live it up for a year.”

“Of course, Boss.”

“Don’t you worry!!”

Bandit Women 1 and 2 glanced at my body, gulped audibly, and went back outside the tent.

“Well then, shall I personally take care of our precious, precious merchandise so it doesn’t get damaged?”

“Hey, hey, don’t you dare suddenly jump him just because you’re horny.”

“Do you think I’m you? Once I sell this bastard, I can embrace a whole troupe of male prostitutes and have a wild time. Am I crazy enough to touch this?”

“That’s true. Well, I’m gonna go jerk off and get some sleep.”

“If you get your stench in the tent, it’s a bitch to wash, so deal with your own mess.”

Dahlia flicked an obscene gesture at the Piercing-Eyed Woman and left the tent.

“Hehe, well then, our dear merchandise. You seem to be very hungry, so how about you open your mouth?”

The Piercing-Eyed Woman picked up a glistening piece of meat and brought it to my mouth.

“Hey, hey. I heard your stomach rumbling earlier. How about you stop being stubborn and just eat obediently? We might be a group that enjoys human trafficking and other crimes, but we don’t treat our merchandise roughly.”

The Piercing-Eyed Woman once again pushed the meat toward my mouth as if trying to persuade me.

“Hmph. They say people from the desert have a temper, but you’re being stubborn about the weirdest things.”

No, that’s not it, it’s because the paralysis hasn't worn off yet, damn it!!

“Well, let me know when you feel like eating.”

The Piercing-Eyed Woman shrugged, popped the meat in her hand into her own mouth, and chewed it ostentatiously.

No lie, it looked fucking delicious.

Grumble!!

“Heh heh, your mouth says no, but your body is being honest, huh?”

No, my mouth is being honest too, the paralysis just hasn't worn off yet!

I was so frustrated and felt so wronged that I thought I might shed a tear.

“Agh…”

After desperately concentrating all my body’s strength into my mouth, I finally managed to open it slightly.

“Th-This bastard… are you trying to seduce me right now?”

I seriously wanted to give her a knuckle punch.

Gulp. The Piercing-Eyed Woman’s throat bobbed.

“F-F-Fuck!!”

She suddenly cursed and ran out of the tent.

Wait, you’re just going to leave like that? If you’re leaving, couldn’t you at least give me a piece of meat? I was seriously itching to give her a knuckle punch.

GRUUUMBLE—!!

This high-maintenance, piece-of-shit stomach… then again, all I ate today was a few pieces of jerky, so its pathetic master has no room to talk.

Gurgle, gurgle.

Maybe it was because of the sudden rush of hunger, but my mind, which had just barely cleared, felt like it was spinning again.

*

“Hsssp…?”

Just as I felt my strength slowly draining, it seemed I had briefly lost consciousness.

Grumble…

This crazy stomach is still acting up.

“But man, I’m fucking hungry.”

To have glistening meat right before my eyes, even if it was cold, and not be able to eat it… could this be true torture? The thought came to me unbidden.

—Hey, hey, are you really going in?

—Don’t you know the Boss and the Second-in-Command are both passed out? Now’s our chance.

—Crazy… If we get caught, aren’t we going to get our tits ripped off?

—Who said anything about touching the merchandise? I just mean using him as masturbation material. I’ll go in first, so you keep a good watch.

Just as I heard the whispering voices of women from outside the slightly darkened tent, the flap rustled and a bandit woman with dark blonde hair and a somewhat cute face came inside.

“Wh-What. You’re awake… If that bastard snitches on me later, I’m seriously fucked, aren’t I? Ah, crap…”

She mumbled to herself, but since the women of this world have such powerful voices, you could assume that at a reasonable distance, everyone around could hear.

Or maybe my hearing is just particularly sharp.

Anyway, it was glaringly obvious why she came here, so I had to seize this opportunity.

“Meat… give me some meat.”

“H-Huh? M-Meat?”

The bandit woman, who had been glancing behind her as if she was about to leave at any moment, flinched at my words and moved like someone possessed, bringing the plate of meat to me.

I opened my mouth wide. “Ahhh.”

“Uh, uh?”

“…I said, meat.”

“Ah, r-right.”

I opened my mouth again, and only then did the dazed bandit woman put a piece of meat in my mouth.

Lick.

“Squeak?!”

As I took the meat, I naturally licked the bandit woman’s finger, and as expected, she took a few steps back.

I could tell that, fundamentally, the women of this world had no tolerance for aggressive men, and that the bandit woman before me had especially little experience with them.

I mean, I’d seen plenty of women who were used to men while working at the guild, so I was able to make that distinction.

Women like Big Sister Amela, for instance, who cursed at me refreshingly while casually groping my body.

Compared to Big Sister Amela, this bandit woman, who hesitated even with a feast laid out before her, was clearly inexperienced.

I swallowed the meat with a gulp and said.

“More.”

“Ah, uh. R-Right.”

The bandit woman glanced at her finger, now slick with my saliva, before picking up another piece of meat and pushing it into my mouth.

This time, while taking the meat, I gently bit her finger with my teeth.

“H-Hiit…”

Her body flinched and trembled, but she blushed and didn’t back away this time.

I ate until I was full, and the bandit woman’s hand was soon drenched in my spit.

“Haah, haah—!!”

On top of that, the bandit woman’s breathing had become dangerously rough.

“Hey, you.”

“Wh-What?”

“You gave me meat, so I’ll repay you. I’ll make you feel good.”

“M-M-Make me feel good?”

“Yeah.”

I plastered a few sheets of steel onto my face and continued.

“Untie one of my hands.”

“Y-You bastard! I’m not that much of an idiot!!”

“What are you talking about?”

“You bastard, if I untie you, you’re just gonna overpower me and escape, right?!”

“Hey. You’re too excited right now. Calm down. How could I, a man, logically overpower you, a woman, and escape? Besides, it looks like there’s one more person outside.”

“Th-That’s…”

“It’s a simple repayment. Just untie one arm.”

“……”

The bandit woman seemed to hesitate for a moment, then walked over and untied the rope on my arm.

Being a man saved me.

“You only had to untie one, you know.”

“H-Ha! You think I can’t handle one of you? Sh-Shut up and hurry up and do something.”

This is why lust is so scary.

It’s not called the second brain for nothing.

Anyway, there was nothing to be gained by dragging this out, so I planned to finish the job quickly and escape. I stood up from my spot.

I stood facing the bandit woman.

“Stick your buttocks out and grab my arms.”

With the sound of a gulp, the bandit woman followed my instructions, stuck her buttocks way out, and grabbed my arms, pressing her somewhat lacking chest against them.

All preparations were complete, and I moved to display the hand technique I’d honed for four years after being captured by slave hunters to avoid being fucked to death.

“H-Hieek…?!”

“Don’t be scared. It’ll be over soon. Just lean back comfortably.”

Acting the part of a dependable man, I reached out and gently rubbed the bandit woman’s stomach, then slid my hand into her pants.

“Ah, agh… c-crazy…”

Judging by the scratchy feeling on my palm, she seemed to have a decent amount of hair.

I moved my palm and fingers as flexibly as possible, rubbing in circles around the small cleft between her legs and the protrusion above it, which was gradually hardening.

“Ahhh…!! W-Wait…!! Ughhhh!!”

Her legs trembled, and the crotch of the bandit woman, now completely leaning on my arm, quickly became wet. Soon, a sticky vaginal fluid flowed from the cleft, drenching my hand.

“You’re wet enough.”

“Wait, just a sec…”

Squish.

“Eek?! Wh-What are you doing? Ahh, don’t pull it out?!”

“Hmm, here it is.”

I put my fingers into her sufficiently wet vagina, gently scraped the inside until I found the spot that caught, and then moved my arm vigorously.

“T-Take it out right no—”

Squish squish squish—!!

Squirt—!!

Along with a warm stream shooting onto my palm, the bandit woman’s body shuddered, and she crumpled to the floor.

“You should train a little more.”

The bandit woman’s pussy was too inexperienced to handle my hand technique, which I had honed to survive among the constantly horny slave hunters.

“You, over there. Come on in.”

“……Gulp.”

I gestured to the other bandit woman, who was staring at me through the half-open tent flap.