The day after the storm named Shiron passed.

“Hooo!!”

At a very early hour, when the sun was just beginning to peek its head out.

I caught my ragged breath after a full-on sprint across the guild-owned vacant lot.

“Ahem, hem. Here, have a glass of water.”

“No, don’t drink that bitch’s, drink mine. My canteen has a cooling-magic enchantment on it.”

The female adventurers gathered around me, glancing at each other.

Of course, it was a familiar situation, so I didn’t get flustered and acted right away.

“I’m very thirsty, so I’ll gratefully accept.”

I was fucking thirsty, so I didn’t discriminate and accepted all the water offered to me. Bowing my head to thank each one of them was a bonus.

“Hehe, it’s just a glass of water.”

“It’d be even better if we could have a beer together tonight. Ah! Of course, I’ll be paying for your share, Smith.”

I even got these kinds of invitations that were basically asking me out, but unfortunately, as someone who was practically half-owned by the guild, I wasn’t allowed such freedom, so I had no choice but to refuse with a smile.

Having succeeded in leaving a good impression again today, I walked toward my room in the corner of the 3rd floor, drenched in sweat.

“Hey~”

“Good morning, Mage.”

“Yes, yes. You’re still as punctual as ever. Kahahaha!!”

I bowed my head to Vizelin, the best life mage in this city, whose blonde hair, which made her look like a young girl, suited her well.

“Here, new clothes. Let me know if the size is too small like last time.”

“Thank you. I’ll go change and be right back.”

Even I, who knew nothing about clothes, could tell the soft material of the new clothes seemed a bit expensive. I took them, quickly went into my room, and changed. Then I stuffed my clothes and underwear, which were soaked with my sweat, into a specially enchanted leather pouch and came out with it.

“Here you are.”

“Heehee, good, good.”

After taking the leather pouch from me, Vizelin giggled and lightly waved the small magic staff in her hand.

“Be clean.”

A small breeze blew around my body, and then with a flash! a light shone. When the light disappeared, my sticky, wet body and the new clothes had become completely fresh and dry.

“It’s fucking amazing no matter how many times I see it.”

“Hehe. It’s because I’m just that good. If other bitches did it, the smell and moisture would still be there.”

“Of course. You’re the best, Vizelin.”

Flattery costs nothing. So it’s beneficial to lay it on thick whenever you can.

“Ah, and this.”

“What is it?”

I received a small bottle that Vizelin took out from her bosom.

“It’s holy water from the High Priestess of the Temple of Abundance.”

“C-Crazy! Is this really holy water?”

Damn it. Holy water.

Wasn’t this that awesome item I heard about, that just by drinking it, your wounds would heal, the knee pain that ached when it rained would disappear, and you could live a long, healthy life free of minor illnesses?

“Smith. Sometimes guys from the frontier like you get the wrong idea, but holy water isn’t that great of an item. It just makes your body a bit healthier when you drink it.”

“I-Is that so?”

“That’s right. Ah, but that one is a bit special. The High Priestess made it herself. It’ll probably raise your resistances and such.”

“Ooh... But why would the High Priestess suddenly give this to me?”

“Heehee, there are reasons. Anyway, drink it quickly and give me the bottle. I have to watch you drink it and bring the bottle back.”

“Ah, I understand.”

Is there any need to question something that’s good for my body?

I quickly took the stopper off the small bottle.

Pop! With that sound, a very refreshing scent flowed into my nose.

Crazy. Holy water smells like soda?

Forgetting about health, the soda scent alone made me swallow my saliva with a gulp.

I downed the holy water in one shot, gulp, gulp.

“Kaaah~!!”

“Heehee, what a reaction. The High Priestess will be very satisfied.”

“Is that so?”

Pleasantly intoxicated by the holy water, which was not only cool but also tasted exactly like soda, I grinned and returned the empty bottle to Vizelin.

“Well then, keep up the good work. See you tomorrow.”

“Please get back safely.”

“Okay, okay~”

Vizelin waved and went downstairs, and I also went into my room.

“Hooo~ That’s refreshing!”

Lying down on the surprisingly soft bed and letting out a big, satisfying stretch, I laced my fingers behind my head and looked up at the ceiling.

Seo Minsu, a healthy young man from the Republic of Korea.

The true K-youth Seo Minsu, who had properly served in the military engineering battalion and was honorably discharged.

Why was someone like me in a place like this?

After being discharged, I feared nothing in the world, and my curiosity about modern civilization was at its peak. That’s when a text message in a formal font caught my eye: ‘God Hand, an adult toy manufacturing company, is hiring new employees.’

With a whole year left before I had to return to university, I was led by curiosity and just applied without much thought, and I even got accepted.

Not long after, I got a call to come in for an interview and headed to the address I was sent via text.

In the taxi, I worried if this was something illegal, but after seeing the 10-story building at the destination, I chided myself for daring to suspect that the business of creating tools to aid in humanity’s prosperity could be illegal, and continued on my way.

A pretty big sister from the information desk came to greet me and guided me to the interview room. Since there were no other candidates waiting, I was able to enter right away.

I don’t remember what the interview was about now, but I do remember that all the interviewers were handsome men and beautiful women, and that they were very satisfied with my answers.

As a result, I signed the contract right there in the interview room. As if possessed, I signed my name and even left my fingerprint before leaving. Then I got on the elevator to go home.

The elevator doors opened, and I was standing not in a clean company lobby, but in the middle of a desert where just breathing made my lips crack.

“Damn it. It’s still fucking ridiculous, even thinking back on it.”

At first, I was so angry and bewildered that my hands and feet trembled, but thinking about it now, it’s just absurd.

Just when I thought I was going to die alone after being dropped in the desert, I was captured by a group of women who appeared out of nowhere.

The group of women who captured me were slave hunters run by some merchant caravan, and naturally, my status as a captive was confirmed: slave.

As a slave, I was dragged to this city, Mollingta, and squeezed dry until I saw stars.

For me, whose only sexual experience was with a single person, Auntie Jina, at a massage parlor my military senior dragged me to on leave, it was an immense shock.

For a whole week, I was tied up in a carriage, fed only water and jerky, while they climbed on top of me and rode my hips until my balls were empty and my dick wouldn't get hard.

Just thinking about it makes my balls shrivel up.

I used to laugh at how a person could possibly die from being fucked to death, but I realized then. It might actually be possible.

Anyway, after arriving in Mollingta, I was put up on the slave auction, and surprisingly, I was sold to the adventurer’s guild branch manager of Mollingta.

That was a whole four years ago.

“Time fucking flies.”

Honestly, when I was bought by the branch manager, I was fucking scared.

The branch manager was just as busty and had as sharp an impression as the slave hunters who had caught me, so I thought I was going to be squeezed dry again.

But contrary to my disrespectful thoughts, the branch manager had me washed clean, asked me all sorts of questions, and then began to educate me on the things I lacked.

Basic verbal communication was no problem, but for fuck’s sake, I couldn’t read a single letter of the script here.

So, from education on the script to culture and guild work.

It took me, someone who wasn't even very good at English, a whopping three years and nine months to learn the picture-like letters of this world.

That’s when I realized that nothing in this world is impossible.

When a person is forced into a situation where they have to be mindful of others and have only one way to survive, their brain, which had been stiff, starts spinning like crazy.

Anyway, that’s why even though it’s been four years since I joined the guild, I only have two months of experience as a receptionist.

And by now, as you all might have guessed, surprisingly, this world is a!

A gender-reversed world! As a bonus, the concept of chastity was also somewhat flipped.

From the Guard Force protecting the city to the adventurers who could die at any moment, the majority were female, and women held all the positions that required a bit of strength.

The physique of the men here, at best, was around 170cm and didn't know what muscles were.

To put it nicely, slender. To put it badly, a scrawny physique seemed to be the average.

That was only the case for men who were city natives. Men from the Sahara, the desert tribe of my current identity, seemed to have a similar physique to me, so there seemed to be a complicated situation there.

Anyway, the reason I’m telling this long-winded story is this.

This is why I’m being bullied by Susu-kkang A and B.

Unlike the small, slender, and average-looking local men here.

A sturdy physique, a tall height, well-defined muscles, and healthy, tanned skin from being dropped in the desert seemed to have really captured the hearts of the women here.

I heard from some female receptionist that the reason men work as guild receptionists is largely due to their scheme to snag a decent adventurer and live a life of leisure.

The two, who had been monopolizing the successful adventurers until now, lost all the adventurers nearing their Silver-rank promotion to me after my appearance, and when even Shiron, who was quite successful among the Silver-ranks, specifically chose me, they seemed to start viewing me as a complete thorn in their side.

“Damn it, one day I’m really going to dunk them in the well.”

As I was idly killing time with such thoughts, someone knocked on my door.

My room is in a corner, and thanks to the branch manager’s strict orders, even the adventurers staying in the guild building don’t even loiter near my room.

“Ssssp... I have a bad feeling about this.”

As soon as I had that thought, an unpleasant voice came from beyond the door.

-Mr. Smith?

It was Susu-kkang A.

I really, fucking didn’t want to answer, but my morning routine was famous within the guild, so I had no choice but to get out of bed.

“What is it?”

When I opened the door, Susu-kkang A was standing there, his eyes wide open for once.

“Hmm, looks like you don’t need to prepare anything. Mr. Smith. You know where the East Gate is, right?”

“The East Gate?”

“Yeah. The East Gate.”

“Of course I know.”

I’ve run errands around the city for the guild for more than a day or two; the map of this place is already perfectly imprinted in my head.

“Then go to the East Gate right now.”

“Right now? Is there something I need to bring?”

“No. A report came in yesterday that a new dungeon was discovered. But me and the other receptionists are too busy. So I was hoping you could go in our place, Mr. Smith.”

“......Pardon?”

No, damn it. What is this all of a sudden?

My mind snapped to attention.

“Why are you so surprised? You’re a proper receptionist too, Mr. Smith, aren’t you? Then you have to go on dispatch duties like this. Right?”

“Well, I suppose that’s true, but...”

If I came to you and said the same thing, wouldn't you be surprised?

“There will be adventurers waiting for you at the East Gate. They’ll take good care of you. All you have to do is go and confirm whether the dungeon really exists or not, Mr. Smith. Easy, right?”

“Well... it sounds easy enough.”

“Anyway, hurry up and go to the East Gate. Got it? If you’re late, the adventurers will have to wait that much longer, so it’s best to leave quickly!!”

After saying his piece, Susu-kkang A turned without a second glance and went downstairs.

It was so fucking unfair that tears almost welled up.