“Ugh......”

“Hic, uhic.”

Standing between the two women who had collapsed on the soaked floor, I pondered my next move.

It was great that I’d managed to create a chance to escape, but I started to wonder if it was really the right choice to leave just like this.

It made sense, since I’d been in the tent ever since I lost consciousness. I had no idea where this place was, and even if it was a forest or mountain not far from the city, there was a chance I’d run into a monster on the way.

I had no actual experience fighting monsters, so just the thought of it made my fucking legs tremble.

“Tsk. Would it be safer to just stay here?”

At that moment, my buttocks twitched.

[Buttocks: I’d rather die than let my ass get taken.]

“Hah!!”

I felt like I’d just heard an auditory hallucination, but regardless, it was enough to snap me back to my senses.

“Right. I’d rather die than let my ass get taken.”

My resolve hardened, I took a dagger and two leather pouches from the women twitching on the floor.

I filled the two leather pouches with the leftover meat and the tasteless beer from an oak barrel, then tied them securely around my waist.

“I’d better get out of here before they wake up.”

Seeing them sprawled out like frogs, they looked like they’d be out for a good 30 minutes, but I couldn’t afford to be careless, so I decided to move quickly.

“First, let me just take a little peek.”

I quietly lifted the back flap of the tent and stuck only my head out. After glancing left and right, I pulled my head back in.

“Hmm. It’s so fucking dark I can’t see a thing.”

I wasn’t kidding. It was so dark it felt like everything outside the immediate vicinity of the tent was shrouded in complete blackness.

Honestly, as for dying… it’s better than actually dying… No. That doesn’t sound right.

Anyway, if I had a torch, maybe. But trying to escape with nothing seemed like I might as well give up.

But then again, taking a torch or some other light source would only increase the chances of being spotted by anyone else around. It was a truly hopeless situation.

As I stood there agonizing, unable to decide what to do, an idea suddenly flashed in my mind.

“I’ll just walk out confidently.”

I’d heard before that when you’re infiltrating or trying to escape, walking around boldly makes you less suspicious.

Frankly, this seemed like the best option right now.

So, I set the pouches from my waist on the ground, slipped only the dagger into the crotch area of my pants to hide it, and then used my mouth to loosely re-tie the rope that had bound my hands.

Once all my preparations were complete, I confidently threw open the front of the tent and walked out.

Small torches on either side of the tent illuminated the area, and I could see a few other tents a short distance away.

On one hand, it was good for my escape that there wasn’t a single person in sight, but on the other, the surroundings were so quiet it was unnerving.

I was moving as cautiously as possible, keeping my distance from the tents.

“Agh, I drank so much my bladder’s gonna burst.”

“It’s cold, so close it and get lost!!”

“Bring another barrel on your way back~”

The tent directly in my path flapped open, and the third bandit woman stepped outside. As soon as the tent flap fell back into place, the loud noise from within ceased as if by magic.

It seemed these were very expensive tents, probably treated with some kind of magic.

“Huh? What the hell are you?”

Naturally, with nowhere to hide, I came face-to-face with the new bandit woman who had just stepped out of the tent.

But I didn’t get flustered. Instead, I walked toward her with confidence.

“As you can see, I told them I needed to relieve myself, and they just told me to go take care of it and come back.”

“Hmm…? Well, I guess so. If you went out alone, you’d just end up as monster food anyway.”

The bandit woman giggled as she approached and grabbed one of my arms.

“I actually just came out to pee myself. Come on, let’s go together~”

I wasn’t pretending to be dragged along; I was actually being dragged.

I’m not kidding, the strength in her hand was insane.

It wasn't long before we were away from the tents.

-Hey, where are you going?

I flinched at the voice that came from up in the trees.

“Going for a piss. Wanna join?”

-You idiot. I’m asking why you brought the ‘product’ out, not you. If the boss finds out, she’ll make your tits lopsided, you know?

“Fucking bitch. Listen to the way you talk. No, fuck, this bastard said he had to take a piss, so I brought him out. What, should I have told him to wet himself in the tent?”

-Shut up, don't do anything stupid, and get back here quickly.

“Yeah, yeah. And your tits are lopsided.”

After flipping the bird toward the tree, the bandit woman dragged me into a place that was either a forest or a mountain.

What was incredible was that even though it was pitch-black, the bandit woman walked without hesitation, as if she could see everything perfectly.

“This should be far enough.”

The bandit woman stopped.

I couldn’t see a thing, but it seemed she was satisfied with this spot for some reason.

“There we go.”

I heard a rustling sound, as if something was moving, and then…

Trickle, trickle.

“Phew~ Now I can finally breathe.”

From within the pitch-black darkness, the sound of a small stream of water and the bandit woman’s sigh of pleasure reached my ears.

Trickle, trickle.

Rustle, rustle. I heard a rubbing sound, then another rustle, and finally, the bandit woman’s hand reappeared and grabbed my wrist again.

“You bastard. ‘Relieve myself,’ my ass. Looks like you were trying to escape and managed to sneak out. Just stay put quietly.”

“I-I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

I had to desperately try to calm my heart, which was pounding as if it would burst out of my chest.

“Playing innocent, are we? You’re lucky it was me who caught you. If you’d been caught by one of the other dumb bitches and managed to get out of our sight, you probably wouldn’t have made it a few steps before getting torn to pieces by mountain moles.”

Mountain moles.

To put it simply, they’re the mountain-dwelling version of the desert ghouls from the modern world’s deserts.

They’re pests with disgusting eating habits that live in the mountains, dig traps, and completely dismember and devour any prey that falls into them. No, they’re monsters.

“We may have kidnapped you, but on the other hand, remember that we’re also the ones protecting you right now, so just be good.”

“......I really just came to relieve myself.”

“Oh really?”

“Ye… Wh-What are you doing?”

“You said you came to relieve yourself, didn’t you? So why are you still wearing your pants?”

I was extremely flustered by the bandit woman’s attempt to pull down my pants and resisted urgently.

I didn’t care about my pants coming off, but it was a huge problem because the dagger I’d hidden was in the crotch area of my pants.

“I-I’ll take them off myself, so just stop it!!”

“Suit yourself.”

The bandit woman let go, letting out a short whistle as if she knew everything.

“And… it’s the big one, so I’d appreciate it if you went somewhere else.”

“Ah, don’t worry about it. I have a strong stomach. Besides, you never know what might show up. I have to protect our precious product.”

“But it bothers me…”

“Just shit, will you? Or what, you want me to kick you in the stomach? Look, I’m in a pretty irritated mood for a number of reasons, so let’s just get this over with quickly for both our sakes and go back.”

I chose to just fucking shut up.

“But I can’t just let you go back like this.”

“......”

The bandit woman suddenly began to gently knead the area where my precious one was.

“Wow, it’s fucking huge even with a rough grab. Fuck, I really have to see you naked.”

“Th-That… Ugh?!”

The bandit woman yanked down my pants with enough force to rip them, and I couldn't even put up a proper resistance before I lost my grip.

Slap! The dagger fell to the ground, but the bandit woman didn't seem to care at all.

“Ah, you could be carrying one for self-defense. That’s not what’s important.”

“Mmm……”

At the bandit woman’s rough yet gentle touch, blood started to rush to the penis I’d been desperately trying to suppress.

“Woah, woah— Crazy! I-It gets even bigger than this?”

Even though it hadn’t fully risen, the bandit woman was busy making exclamations of surprise.

Slither. I heard a sound, and soon the bandit woman stopped stroking my penis and squatted down. Then, bringing her face close to my glans, she said.

“H-Hold on. Let me just have a little taste. Ha-wup...”

“Ughh.”

“Slurp, phwa~ Crazy… It’s in my mouth, and there’s still half left? Crazy… you crazy bastard… Slurp.”

Squish, squish.

The bandit woman who’d said she’d only have a taste ended up taking my penis in her mouth and started to masturbate it with her hand.

“Sluurp, slurp— Phwa, you crazy fucking penis… You trying to choke me? Fuck… Ha-wup.”

Slurp, slurp, sluuuuurp.

The bandit woman shook her head vigorously, making excessively lewd sounds. From such passionate foreplay, I, too, began to feel the urge to ejaculate.

“Kuhk!!”

“Ughk……!!”

Unable to hold back the building urge, I acted on instinct, pressing down on the bandit woman’s head with both hands, shoving my penis deep into her throat as I unleashed my ejaculation.

Spluuuurt—!!

In sync with my ejaculation, the bandit woman’s body twitched as she sprayed a cool stream of water from her lower mouth.

“Phwa~! Keuk, kehek!! Bleeghh……!!”

And after spitting out my penis, the bandit woman started retching.

While the bandit woman was gagging, I stared blankly ahead, lost in a newfound sense of peace.

“......?”

In the black space where there should have been nothing, a red dot was flickering.

“Bleegh… How much did you shoot, you bastard? The semen just keeps coming out…”

As the bandit woman mumbled from below, the red dot gradually grew larger. No, it was getting closer.

The approaching red dot became two, and when the two red dots got a little closer, the strength left my legs and I collapsed onto the ground.

“Huh? What’s wrong? Did you lose the strength in your legs after cumming o—”

Thud—!! With that sound, the bandit woman’s words were cut short.

At the same time, I lowered my gaze to the ground.

Flash—!!

Several lights appeared in the dark sky, instantly illuminating the surroundings. And I could see the back of the head of the bandit woman, half-buried in the ground.

“Hey.”

That chilling voice was both a relief and enough to make my heart stop.

Squeeze—!!

My head was yanked upwards against my will, pulled by a force that grabbed my hair so hard it seemed determined to make it say farewell to my scalp.

“While I was going through fucking hell, you little shit. You’re having a grand old time, aren’t you?”

The face of Shiron, her red eyes glowing fiercely, was seriously fucking terrifying.